I mean I was not recording wait some
gear lock without an author of two books
including interview and Google resume
and so I'm gonna fight back with old
computer science got a master's in
computer science from you Ken and then
went to court briefly at myself apple
and spin top three years google between
burgers or people some kind of think
otherwise I was a sovereignty another
burger but it worked really happily with
food with recruiting process and so I
didn't have a kind of 50 interviews
mostly course offerings near some for
managers and directors at Google I also
serve a google carefully which is go
time when you basically the committee of
people who actually decide who gets off
and then that would have to call prepare
cup which is a website that has comp a
scare me questions and then wrote two
books so tell you before about the
difference opinion two books are crappy
phone interview is to talk both basic
for software and energy was pretty
focused on Stoppers here and just
interviewing who has made sorta more
comprehensive book that service a pole
star and guide of pushing you be due in
college how do you get about our
nation's how to cover letter or having a
go shave off her also goes into more
like at the end and less technical
thanks and as possible with all this
offered here
it is now a lot someone selling book
with the back already carpet interview
is 25 years like 20 or so 30 for your
hands on if you run things out here for
15 sec she really care those are all
signed enough two examples okay so what
I'm gonna do today it won't say slide it
slides articles online and spermatid so
myself with your so much information on
the screen I'm going to go do a little
bit faster because it is all a mile or
maybe today I'm going to sort of talk
about business and sort of four
different parts the first one is to the
process what happens in interviewing
what are they looking for hot mom how do
you fly what's a good what does a good
resume looks like and I know this isn't
mrs. where you guys get money IDK focus
really on like an interview stuff like
I'm going through the resume stuff
because Lee 90 57 resonates Ric here
from software commuter make pretty fun
mountain states so it doesn't that stuck
with me then go on to talk about so the
softer stuff so to the experience
questions you're at a time when you such
and such there's one thing you do matter
bit for soccer engineer carries but
because also because a lot has been
looking for a stent or PM roles or
noodles at startups where that's kind of
stuff becomes a lot more important but
most of times that going to be talking
about the technical skills stuff so have
a pair of a technical interview and how
do you want should be booked so anyway
to give questions just raise your hand
or just ask out that usually told me how
to talk
supersoft the very process all right so
big companies you hear one story for
recruiters where they look really
heavily experienced personnel and all
the stuff the reality is that very
comfortable to Sovereign ears the
interview process really comes down to
how well bbcode how smart and the reason
is right in the u.s. it's really really
hard than they find enough good
Selfridge so clearly about putting in
technical and some intelligence and
would not sit there looking for
inserting attitude than the knowledge so
though they may ask you some of the
details about C++ or Java or this view
has silly things it had to test me much
more like just general aptitude and it's
not usually not to acknowledge small
companies o our Lord area but they tend
to look for things like you can hit the
ground running you do know the
technology Kari Tory my friend RF so you
started beings it is not feel company
don't project some code have you started
something that shows a cabin and then
you know personnel is going to go
importance they've got a lot of time
people food fit in well with the team so
the biggest problem here is often
arrogance so if you're the pro or the
kind of person who has been told
previously the comments area which is
probably a handful of people in this
room watch out face even if you're not
arrogant if you come off that way that's
a big bubble butt is attending the
process is very very the leaders of the
general cognitive in addition to
intelligence of coatings fuels starts to
Atlantis
that's so angry over your buddy so the
talk a bit about so the career there's
on top of this is I know as much a
freshman sophomore really you need to
think about if you want to go to Google
Microsoft or even a start-up when you
graduate Dean certainly fun stuff really
so if your freshman year after the end
of your summer during your summer go
build a web app or mobile app go here
you can't if you can't get java sort if
you can that's correct you can't just do
something like their software and then
you can go get a job to start you'll
have a bit more practical experience a
lot of people have junior year you can
go get John a big company and then
senior you're doing well positioned and
I started feeling for a full-time job a
big most important serve lesson here is
don't waste your sellers just you know
you can't get the job you really want
just more so you can do it's not code
and you're sort of looking at this and
you're like a junior don't have anything
on your rights make up within certain
where you've done the school's what
you've done in school go spend a weekend
two weekends and just build something
even if you spend just one week in
building a web app or we will have
packaging one or spirits just get going
note something so where's unless is on
your resume doesn't ultimately doesn't
really back so I'll basic advice so
first thing to understand is how we
actually reviews this is a lot of this
understanding balance what happens is
this and this is it's the case i would
say almost every company this is this is
by the way a big difference tween the US
International so if you're I don't know
China as well but if you're from India
us recipes are very good but very giving
then they aren't Europe so how does this
first of all we have a giant stack of
usually we pull one out of this stack
and we basically spot right we look at
like we just skim it for like company
name school named projects very very
brief information within scale your
goals really really and we crazy looking
like Patti built really had have you had
any and all this happens in a hard snap
decision in like 15-20 million if you're
lucky thurs so you're thinking of
designing your resume you need to
realize that role in about 15 20 pounds
so you need to sign your resume to
highlight the right things that
computers or get matched so this is
actually my face in my eyes no matter
when I was graduating college worthless
so sculpting tuners first of all one
angel this is really really important if
you have a three page resume they know
this is like I ask for your life story
but only under 7 15 seconds reading what
you get it gave me like full thing book
I'm going to get to like he was a dark
and stormy day and that's all we have no
record if you give me a whore sentence
thing I can read that 15 seconds and I
can absorb lot more important
information even though you've left out
tough stuff such a copy about what may
transmit is here about 15-20 seconds
anything more than up one page someone
just won't breathe next thing this is so
we can talk engineers CS students
classes online user field Esme format if
you're open a microsoft word which is
what about half you guys do yoga my soft
word and you like hit control be start
heading
me it turns out to be sloppy first of
all often times you actually do miss
details but you also even if you get an
important Loomis details like you'll
forget to save use the things that just
if you do use with your resume format
you're probably not using tables and
columns and it's stupid right here when
I have a great three balls in the air
I'm putting on one line what you had
done a different way for the put online
or taking three or four lives and that
would have cut off you know that how
much space is it means you so use a good
resume format minor online you've opened
this program a comma have to resume
formats there you will use those you can
use my elbows online users open next
short goal so one or two novels again
this goes back to the 15 to 20 second
think that like three boats or look
longer tend to look like a girl and we
kind of just not repair craftsman we
have 15 so very short boats NASA is
focus on accomplishments not responsible
so you can't see this too well but you
know these things are built this
creative input it created promoted
creative and Todd redefine in flooded
refused time it was all very specific
options you will never find something
here in my resume about like working for
responsible or stuff like that there's a
responsibility to pay attention to what
you actually polished so focus on the
conscience and the useful trick is when
you search on the goals of any company
which typically have up or bolts for
company on average think about your
bullets as being a list with your four
biggest accomplishments at that job not
just I don't need overview of your
jealous falsehoods you mainly because
loose your rules of public and we
software and so folks all Hopkins next
thing they look like GPA your bumper
think we know probably Dan off your
clothes if your masters to be studied in
India or China or any other country
where they are different sort GPA system
if your list your GPA in the author
abuses like 10 on a 10-point us feel
people just aren't the no vengeance you
have to translate that over 24 10 scale
where you can list in some of the way
that makes me understand you a little
better so your ranking to the clowns
can't talk 55 to 57 students so long
that that just tell somebody next thing
the emergent project section of a resume
different projects a good rule of thumb
but you know it's possible as an hour's
work experience and I'm very very
important here is your products would be
forceful thinking kind of things they
just any how we met you've done that is
not for a job install step over
implement everything else is a project
does not be finished doesn't have the
released as long as of Cody cats and
then probably for those technical skills
you don't need to list every flavor of
jolly work with finding companies don't
Carolina which flavors of which one you
just you're cute smaller companies are
serving the BPO companies cousins also
cut things I tried self office nobody is
picking prospective it's offers new york
an office for easy the model thing is uh
statement objective statement or some
recent resume objectives we have for
swimming actually don't do this I think
it's like thinking that soccers near
hula where such as much they are
virtually always put any job anywhere it
matter how much experience you have
almost always issues so remember this
like unless it's a while between those
resumes three years from now objections
are useless they nothing more than we
state what job you're looking for and I
already know what driving forward is
what i see software all of your resume
and two because you just supplies it on
so cup injectors that produces just kind
of a license so the questions are
forward resonated stuff so soft skills
so like I said those are the kind of
things that this is some kind of hoping
anything in here that isn't I
precautions so first of all really
quickly research the companies notch
team you've probably read this before
sonic huge feels bigger do to start up
not a huge deal for a bit or funny it's
good to do you we ask the end if I'm
hitting or any our amended every
interview first if you're in a really
kind of question for you so we're
prepare like 10 or so it's actually a
great question that I really like to ask
is acid interview or how decisions are
made so you want me through how to
position its makeup team it's a good way
of understanding sort of what the
culture really is and how much
responsibility that we have butts all
the questions can also mean things about
the company of the teen about their
technology problem state so without tons
of questions and that's going on cycling
around for a phone interview like three
is only five next thing is need repair
propel yourself so there's any so these
thing is
if paradigm called operation so this is
basically a simple grid in Excel or
Google Spreadsheets where it basically
list yeah you're right across the top
and so the major questions are going to
ask so what you enjoy what you paid what
was challenging with the hardest plug
disabilities in the stories if you are
looking for a PM a state or really
anything other than a curving ball it's
going to become really important to
prepare also questions like cavity
influence time when you had to be
mistakes doesn't need work as well
talking yes but don't repair this grid I
find it's really useful to break down
each story reducing stories like three
few words so or couple key words and the
reason why is that one of the phone
screen you can house a front view and
it's going to be a lot easier for you to
understand your foreign flight so what
did you enjoy about this project but a
lot each of you to remember the story
it's three keywords then if it's you
know a full day or after you try to
absorb details but you happen to have
there's not a couple keywords so then if
we actually be well my closet ask those
questions one hey so how do you do all
these questions so this thing is to
understand they want to know not only
what you're saying but a lot of is
actually just about how our second so
that means it's about the structure and
I'm adults about the singer
personalities so the key thing has visto
we can place instructions falls so as to
common structures algo or barrier the
person is snug
technol is was call situation action
result so negative or is that so Megan's
first means to basically the certain
pieces around fellow his own sort of
utter Romania technical stuff bedroom
saw has matched a person talk after this
will be free time don't work it's almost
like okay so then it first means
basically leave your pieces and this
does for the wanted sort of focus
research and everyone what they're
saying which is pretty important either
you have a thick accent or if you have
those new memories and but also focuses
you on what you're saying so if you're a
Rambler I certain their pieces you
understand you kind of mentally focused
around what the gist is a strategy so
for example you're asking them that's
like what a call trying to be was proud
your nugget might be something like and
those part of the search indexer go for
ichat wish requirement in tonality pal
pallie and then you go into explaining
what happened in would you do so the
negative first the next one is called
situation action result it also goes
further some five-star st AR but this is
basically a simple structure which is
really really really important if you're
doing the adults are innovative
organizations extremely or anything out
of anything really just basically need
to start off the same situationist than
20 actually changes so for example you
ask them that's like telling about a
time when you had to 114 makes something
like well i have a steaming who I knew
was really smart but he can work there
in past but he wasn't doing a great job
this project
I haven't like swarming that's a
situation so yeah I want to walk about
the class and what I realized was that
when I stalking was it she was actually
volunteer right out the shuttle engine
project right out the documentation a
bunch of work but just general hard
stuff and when I realize wasn't it
wasn't that he was slacking on who's
that he just didn't actually understand
who's the one working class see all in
the hot and so kind of senior fashion so
that was an after class in a couple days
and is it game types of tutoring going
over sir what happened the class and
helped him to screw play out one of the
next projects when that speeches of the
project and the end revealed actually
find that really well once the I'm show
it was going on he he was certainly on
power and all done with other people on
our team via that's just very clear
situation action result unless we want
to think about your answers so nothing
else when you're giving pretty been
answered and slave telling about the
time when even if you can't deliver you
can't think over a dance off top of your
head at least delivered and now go a
good part of the wage giving them three
times so first of all how to say so it's
really important so first of all
generally speaking you're not going to
be asked complex hours so you guys we
said let's steal RS big like to pick out
this book here so that book is it's a
great way to learn algorithms it's not
going to help your time
it's just most of stuff there is way to
publix if you don't need no Dijkstra's
algorithm it's very unlikely even be
hastily about what tree balancing is
just friendly barriers are suddenly or
that was school maybe 20 years out of
school on come on your government stuff
20 years now you shouldn't use in the
room turned out I'm sure your feet yes
research but 99 thunder coming you're
not you're not another 20 years bed of
year so if there's in this stuff you
don't know go study it but if you have
if you're decent yes student you
probably know everything probably know
all the actual knowledge so just really
focus on what you watching if you would
enter your questions folk on something
actually on you help them but don't
worry about really fantasize message
after solving actual questions you don't
remember I solutions though this this
was really about pushing yourself really
learning how to solve problems and not
about memorizing particular solutions
there that wasn't some thousands of
pounds of memorize particular problems
is just on a ranch next really really
important right through a neighbor not
Jonathan kite if you're perfect of your
zero drive four months out you can use
some pile if you want but right poop on
me you'll forget a lot of stuff when you
actually you know what had computer in
front of you I didn't tear up your one
way of evil my team it was interview
people asked me know these people who
said they were like really really good
as plus plus and so we asked them just
to write hello world and like 95 I'm
looking right over visiting several
bases
you forget a lot of stuff as soon as you
don't have a lot of stuff like you know
even if you come c plus plus you
probably haven't written to a world
pretty long time because you probably
use your little talent so right right
click on paper and you should this means
also test for Rocky so don't don't like
right under the type of up right there
aren't we were tested by hand and only
you should all these compiled when
you're really think you avoid every last
anymore that's when you travel I
question support so wouldn't go really
really replace or what between data
structures welcome to prosecute I
probably got on right now my old self
because of its online grade this is a
basic list of compartments or something
you need to know the most important
thing here is how famous would you
probably already know you should
certainly know what they are lisa g /
pass or a freshman year make sure you
practice using hash tables because we
made out of these hashtags atomic store
they're really important when it comes
to energies probably half of interviews
every prostitute ashes so make sure you
know them with all the stuff no you know
a lot of trees know the front time for
insertion deletion remember things like
the extreme case versus to prepare their
case truth is actually technically open
time to insert it's not a downstream
remember that stuff so next thing and
algorithms so these are the main aisle
between to know again none of these
things are super advanced all these are
highly
certain volume depth for search all
these concepts are really really
important but these are two impiety
because these are the things that you
filled in Flint without loss so I was
formally repeat for the state of
candidates and really binary search is
you should know how to do it easily you
shouldn't have to like remember a wider
circle of life I've got interviewed a
marathon years ago as a simplified
research and I made one mistake I mean
every word folded that's like one of the
best performances users nobody's really
ready violence or false it's just it's
really really hard to do that actually
so you had a probably thinking like I'm
being ridiculous it's not that hard to
do trust me it really is go home and
write if you don't we think it's really
hard few losses this is you that I feel
like children fall asleep Justin out on
depth first search parasite breadth
first search influence in depression
conceptual of the implantation he gets
people stroke let's get that there's
like sesame so you shouldn't create open
houses those research and I'm treating
certified that you to chill duties Oh
what are they here don't get the factory
when you're dealing with like Google or
Amazon whatever space will have seen as
a lot to you because if you never just
like oh man its grandness lick number
files on your head it's open screen
space certainly Oh ones time so now it's
not going to do a hold on you can't be
done so i'll get about space okay and
then these are those important concepts
so stop reading actually doesn't even
come off that much unless you're working
in life you're living for life windows
baby will but incredibly
that much these are the three main
things I'm going to go with our system
design and scalability later on Cizikas
like scalability passions are completely
different when distributed systems they
actually want telecom and it was no
reason that team of sophomore could not
handle scalable don't need it's very
sweet so I talked to do I want to have
it handled regulation a lot will
struggle with it do people do a lot of
coding in java but it's just didn't you
struggle with it fast recursion is so I
don't die dynamic programming thing of
incursion and the reason wise what you
think of it like I am programming a lot
more think quite knapsack problem or
stuff that's really complex it doesn't
really come up like I said help us out
about that 40 straightforward Jackie M
gonna programming Lee is not nothing in
a sense nothing different this recursion
with a half sheet so like if you have
come fitted not recursively and don't
use an mi programming you an exponential
out avinashi in a recursive rotation
Fibonacci should be an imperfect nothing
down from is not that complex I wanted
it occurs oh yeah
some anyone this but you should
absolutely right realtor so then my
question is a dislike to answer q3 plus
thank you probably asked would you all
be right the tree clasp and some believe
that we're being asked to write code
instead of into binary tree it's sort of
like to make a knowledge account you're
asked to score a strip obviously not
going to get away with calling your
great-aunts right because then what are
they nasty but if you're as something
else and there's just like sort of this
strain is like that first step in it
then you can probably okay ready grayed
out or they'll tell you about laws so
tree insert who find is survived into
trees countless cases where writing the
class is so simple that you should
probably do that as well just because
it's such an easy step but with
something that builds on tree insertion
then you know you can talk about your
interviewer but um gentlemen I'll read
the tree class Yuri on the right note
stuff there was asked you to put in some
kind of tree displays write the outline
up like initializers like the function
declaration of fine but i actually just
talk on that bit more um don't read
super and you're in you're in an
interview it's fine it's even good
credit if it helps you
right no but eventually but it is
absolutely unacceptable just right don't
even ask your interviewers okay with us
right soup like if you write pseudocode
to me sounds like you're writing it
because you know to make a real point in
the states you're asked to write so you
don't wanna be perceived understands
right initially I have never had never
hard-hearted out with those flood make
sure you tell you everything ok just
starting out so you would tell them to
go to you don't try to get with just
super so tense of questions so there is
behavioral questions which are already
went over our design questions going to
touch on briefly as well as estimation
questions so these are really important
for our plan questions come up actually
for can actually call for really any
interview of my ears off but all the
companies are designed she's having to
just ask your campus whatever softly
don't ask her exact questions even
forgets and aspects sometimes estimation
questions really important for camels
and then very very briefly over that
stuff most of them spent on technical
questions and typically these sort of
main three times so putting out those
which is like any 95th ones you see
options options available ok so our
design questions the substantive
question of stuff like how would you sum
a calculator if you're blind so again
Microsoft really loves these questions
page with like how design point
or one to death huge huge huge huge leak
all so this is the new collagen say one
is large enough structure and how it's
also going to help you do you understand
the user some basic test of creativity
that this actually not the most
important thing and it just kind of a
basic like business instinct skills
general common sense so the approach
here and you're gonna see this through
this approach of cloned and seven
different types of questions but the
approach is asked questions resolve
ambiguity understand the user so ask a
lot of questions I'll show you what this
week and then structure the problem so
you really really important this end is
really artists have a question of
finding a structure so you have band
when they talk and then you know solve
its all these days they're using the
same approach of like a special sort of
options questions so first of all you
ask the person that's like how do you
sound happy it seems like a
straightforward but it's not it seems
like you never know who the user is but
you know all you're holding the users
are are they find shelter are they blind
adults if they're blind children are
they using it in schools with other
blind children for days and the schools
we've seen people can see if it's adults
is it general consumer adults what
country what profession sure that the
user is not always here you see things
if it's like anything's in the health
care as well supplies a lot of other
things like the product the user may be
simultaneously doctors and patients and
insurance companies
so remember that the user is not always
cremated so you need to understand so
what's important to find job well
keeping up with the rest of class not
feeling different fullest kind of
general feature set remember that you
know the users even here they have a
Tekkit of her blind child both yeah the
in order just over that the user is a
blind child like it as a child the
usuals also an adult so Mary that this
actually be deal to me it's weekend
children if prices for a child and also
for it's also for the parents and this
case also so think about that then you
find destruction so we might say here is
something like well i mean first i want
to do it through each user and kind of
make a list of the biggest to make the
key priorities appreciator and the min
ago think discuss how to actually dress
how do you dress each issue and then
find another for together to the comment
so just giving that their overview helps
you never follow what you're saying but
also just shows a girl structure
communicator which is you know a good
chunk of that i'm finally we actually
going through departed structure so if
its priorities to talk about was one
child says part-time questions okay so
estimation questions so he has very very
common for pants so 20 questions like
how many in the same time like how many
tennis balls i didn't ask to be how many
golf balls a bit 747 for those things
that are more financial
so like more groups or like how much
money you see them so just two questions
akazi different that they were fun
editing and the young even hear that
these problems are not them are about
but the end result is you get there all
about my breasts so don't but these are
just like any other problem solving kind
of question so don't think it looks good
risk area the strong silent I'm actually
easier crushes to solving our place so
far small steps told you this Hannah
come up over and over again and does a
special treat solve anything you ready
structure the problem and then break it
down and then the final step Do sandwich
so show you what this means so the
question arts like how much line does
female make an Azeri what's and vigorous
about the actual structure so so how
many to be when you smell that is a big
twist and I prefer the question itself
so the oldest partial to you to figure
out that kind of stuff what do you need
to understand or even like answer this
question also many my parent yeah
right so yeah so that's a good question
to ask you know me you know we talking
per click or do or other displays we're
talking in the US or worldwide are we
talking gmail.com itself or we also
talking about like a close to gmail goo
GL originated that kind of stuff so you
need to understand what the other thing
ends up talking about revenue or profit
so you need to understand those
questions before you even try to figure
out the answers here okay so next thing
is so you under a vascular Buster
understand what's basically going on
next thing is out when you approach so
you might say something like okay so one
wonders how is probably the answer three
parts or something try to estimate the
number of gmail users in the US
worldwide any other situation then I'm
going to go next time I'm gonna go try
to actually estimate the number of place
per user and then Donovan has made a
number of the amount of money per pack
and then I'm going to pull together
these three figures into a simple a
basic approach if you have a whiteboard
half of his favor you'll have to say in
front of you or something or White work
to do this and we're actually write down
these steps and write your progress as
you go along because you may need to
come back to it
okay and so if you want on the number
gmail users in the US you just try to
deduce this so what about being than
equal to us like well begin sort of
assume that people under 12 or really
using email and my detectives in the
u.s. about 75 I'm just two people up 65
and 75 her you are not Amelie using
female child so I'm going to ignore
those people seconds down have 200
people did you guys and what seems like
what I've seen made about you know the
top so income of the top each other
people why can't come in the u.s. also
hire lose you know the bottom twenty
percent doesn't really melt talk for a
theme and said maybe resembled a born of
those about put up fifty percent use the
work email account exclusively and then
seconds down to whatever it is probably
like England people and then you know
all those it slimming up eighty percent
of people who use personal email account
usual Demetric you go flyers the only
twenty percent using sort of scattered
to do something set by seven here in
Cana tart estimate Gino's market share
your help instead of over this down
different ways you could work it out by
students or professionals could work now
I can come of age ranges so just I find
a structure in the country so finally
you each of these steps and you don't
know how that's like it suppose you get
like 50 as he knows better so can anyone
think of why this doesn't sound right
these for you best
look at once so it seems to organize it
was just what emails just those two
different regions here one wish how
would we know but it's a google major Op
30 billion a year I think it's worldwide
so it'll probably doesn't make 16 it's
just possible but it seems like a
stretch to but probably know that if you
are walking 4pm old is useful developing
Cybermen population of the world
population of the US are you can chime
in with yet another prison if you don't
know any of that stuff well then
illimitable evil the US / the alien but
per million and we have like sixteen
dollars per complicit in the u.s.
obviously gmail is not making sixty
dollars per person yes so that should be
enough to tell you that that number is
crazy and then they go back and that's
on you get a number that sound great
it's really fine just go back we try to
figure out where to be messed up is it
that you know each individual assumption
you made was slightly off to freeze
network probably not probably made a
couple that were just like really pretty
cool where he made a mountain see just
go back and fill this entire process
think out loud haha out and sharp sickle
and of course you can handle the number
so your cottage in the u.s. use 300
million three hundred 50 billion public
China use one building rather than like
what what you do so to pressure the
structure fashion talk out loud this is
these are actually if you oughta these
are actually really easy problems ace
does nobody what
Cilic story sounds actually signed up
and stuff so they pause again Russians
okay so they're gonna get actually
someone so tricky turns music so you
really really don't even really really
fast question anytime it's a basic
technical question is asked questions
should be obvious by now tell now show
you know me or how you're thinking this
was when it helps them this building
things wanted basic food like completely
stuff and stuff some problem but also
okay so those problems were people who
get off if you go on tangent or
understand something wrong so talking
out loud help everyone understand how do
you think about a problem kind of get
you back on the right track so we've all
an algorithm then critically know it
does you're often really really work so
I one my favorite questions there's
going to strap despite you will first
time since I say it but what many
questions was Simon album to select a
random the nodes and why I searched I'm
going to immigrant an element from a
binary tree so basically like each
militants in person to enter the lottery
pick a lock so I didn't see a lot of
people found all this time filled with
great I'll go and get your game now we
wouldn't like get them a random person
in my quiet time but all the time in
asserting is like linear time that's not
really so it's one thing critically that
does your halloween really work is
equally random if that's the third part
is a space of time for us to pieces will
our other implications for the problem
does it make it like really really
moments it's like than giant array
/ think really kind of laid out what
your out really means then go slow in
the bar on behind me the speed does
matter but it's been developing how so
you know when you know when you know the
album is your site racing to throw a
cordon award it doesn't yeah I seen I
have seen so many rejected once they
actually produce you slowly and it was
like a huge debate as well as you
projected she was good those'll a
microscope objective is to actually
produce useful people gave a different
signal finish the code because it's even
probably made too many mistakes sup do
it but actual speed of writing code took
ok and finally when we finish our
beautifully test two billion what if you
like so the whole time you turn back to
me and then you're like to go undone
like that's what the interview with a
bullet a play typing up a homework
assignment and submitting about product
like what you're running though you're
just checking your code and google com
and not like test it you can call test
your code what do you think those things
which you will make mistakes I've seen
one candidate about couple thousand
hiring parents ever actually have a
false okay awesome if you're my own
personal interviews of interview the
confetti cannons I seem like how people
actually fault the appended look pretty
flawless interview you mean you may miss
a perfect almost guarantee it tested
test your code and then you reply
mistakes that's fine you will make sure
you'd actually test
make sure to actually think through what
the saints and what cosmic so if you had
anything happened like you tested for
something but now and return three this
was to return before the birth people
random experts me just like Adam Foster
and if they have something else it's
Dale family something creatively got
white so the coating is methodical in
bug free clean coming so use other
functions use of the data structures to
find your own paper structure it's
useful veganize is beautiful hi so
structure here is ever even talked about
these different volumes and each of
these or sorry Cody knowledge of the
topics are four different approaches for
this is like four plus two not like 593
so pattern matching is approached then
for solving all the questions that
basically means try to figure out what
problems are so far so for example you
have a problem that's like right total
reversal or boy repentance well
compromise time so much of this is write
code report sister if you did that you
get it right book over stereo system so
you did that you get like your dogs are
cute like a periscope so you have that
you tell your interview well this sounds
kind of similar to Courcy characters any
strength 28 and I at this so how'd you
build here here if you how did you
approach apply this prop this approach
is called
okay exactly so you just reverse it
character in the string first verse
entire strength and it is reversed we're
glad we r memory it's not kind of action
it's just compared to other problems so
next one is some of my generals just
approach we basically simplify problem
and we're pleased on the constraints to
see if you can apply that approaches to
juggle talk so suppose you'd something
like 90 figure if you can build a pants
no go max so socially has no passive is
array of strings and Nancy results are
experienced to increasingly like cutting
boards out a back seat so 11 complete
mess of five areas but what if we use
characters inside starts so what if you
like rather the problem sending out
letters instead of forwards you did that
but just you know you just build in a
way where each character maps to how
many times that Patrick here so you know
a of years 5 x bu tears four times as
you just compare you are there enough
you don't know how many Zara Maxine
or they're not filled so this one
comesss really hear talk from getting
about asking questions we solve a few so
suppose the question just so has max day
was just your kind of haircut max an
accomplice a very fresh how big is your
array
so how many albums I just have a sizes
or not I mean I it's just like how many
the most high 26 right so the simple
answer is I mostly 26 of that not really
right first of all that could be upper
case letters horse authorities second
have a critical situation thirdly could
be actually entire asking else but
fourthly may not actually be so if you
want to actually ask your daughter here
before you actually write code think how
what claims is just how many with the
size with the character sets us so
asking questions is very important calls
let's return this problem so we supplied
the problem with me having the proper
Bloods filling it with characters or set
of words that's the real problem how can
we apply this approach to the real world
so human approach we basically building
building array where he's fought the red
algae how many times each character
appears but now instead of kind of
character magazine we're cutting boards
up so change the problem how can we
apply the sort of approach we came out
with a certified home to jail
screams me write exam so make an array
of the straight orbis usually just call
dashing to Omaha shayla where each word
master how many times have groupies so
they'll have to go each word actually
the word itself to the priest so next
one is vacation though now this means is
basically design our print all sounds a
bit myself so this means is we basically
salt we take a problems like a thousand
percent I'm gessica Lee solve this
problem for you know the anyone and it
goes to case and then we see okay build
an English degree from minute one minute
so this might rob so creating power cell
or they're having lost help us set so
that equals zero and one new angles she
was like pretty straightforward you know
in kind of my inspection wooden positive
is the metric so question of how do we
build this answer which business okay
how to build this answer if we do the
prior
well
um okay yeah so we're basically picks it
off oh you know we also put a me and
then something always recently called
them and add a key component so solve
for the N minus 1 case so you curse all
solver and nice nice one case and then
hat and teach club subspaces though
these things usually mean to pretty
straightforward the current problems if
you notice you can think about recursos
think you're sleeping elstak if you
notice it being sort of like a recursive
thing work goes out for any cool for
like paper fibonacci where your soul for
a fan by getting up in and minus 1 n FN
minus 2 that's a hint that you might
want to use an actor if you're doing
that i recommend ATM and i'm a
programming problem I think it's usually
easiest to write code where you write it
as an enclosure problem and then my
filled in the hash paying a party later
just recognize that if you're a person
kind of spiral salt into depressions or
three progressions that hit the
contemporaries so the final approach is
Sita structure brainstorm this is a
little asses it's kind of like it's kind
of happy kind of cheating approach the
gratuitous approach works is sometimes
solving finally off the album April
problem is just a matter of finding the
right data structure so let's have a
problem this is this usually with my one
of your parts
performs like you're basically you're
the guy in charge of hook and a psychic
book so people come into with watching
some people comment just saying you know
they sent it I know I would love the
number 215 5 by 5 13 10 people come in
to say hey I knew I needed phone number
give me any one spit some questions how
to design the destruction algorithms to
support these functions this is a
problem where David suction brings up
give me a man come in handy and so we do
here is you just go the data structures
and you know and figure out what will be
you know will the same structure work so
if use a sorted array of all the way so
you have an assorted array containing
all number that is still available the
problem is that you can usually find a
number that's available the common is
actually need to borrow from the number
is taken to slow is reviewing these
gonna have to shift your ailments that
won't work too that's approach is all
you could you try to see the limitless
but then you have been in trouble
finding you know that's not going to
work well cash table seems somewhat
useful passion was always good problems
good a community problems the problem is
if you have a hash you look mapping from
like a phone number 12 announced
available another mobi way to flight
tell you have a sequel database for you
be like sweats you know star we're
resilient iterating through numbers ever
stole free style it worked you go we
wanted to pursue that heavy want to use
binary search tree and it's like pretty
easy oh if it isn't the binary search
you've all available numbers you can
find your screen never really quickly
that's log in time or you can find
existing penny go another route also
each room any goes through that same
structure breaks markets just go through
the things are available
you know the figure out they once this
sort of problem what I'm seeing what
kind of data stress people's forget
about are these people sometimes we get
hash tables we've also got about tries
and triads back fillers to eat so
environmentalist be a structures so this
is sort of more the four most common
approaches so padam mashing to find out
allies basically build a transfer the
more problems you practice the easier
it'll be to kind of realize which one of
its problems with which one of these
approaches rule so next the next major
type is opt for itself so these
questions are they come about Microsoft
Google but every Academy from amazon
you're also guarantee together these
questions they're super super common to
the bottom that like either design a
parking lot Glenn Tom different side of
the parking lot like that or defense
that's like design you got for an event
over the quest we're here from a member
Christ so those would she go to qualify
for the approach the exact same way so
we do here its first of all kind of an
ambiguity design the four objects
antibiotics lationship between the
objects and investigate the actions so
show you this so we have something
that's like how design the day star
system objects go restaurant first
hopeless what did views about
so what do you mean I yeah right so what
kind of recipes as fast food isn't so
sit down mrs. this new delivery need to
know this crap stuff is it it's changed
as a single location that by factoring a
lot of market like that next use on the
core topic so that's the play yes party
table server hosts I kind of stuff is he
sure this guy was pretty clear then you
Hannah last relationship so the server
and coast would be I was the kind of
related of evolving inherently for
general employees like or comment public
boy an array of guests will be part of
part we may have a variable apart that's
the so you convey out how it is related
and then finally you actually go through
and messy of ashes so for example you a
party walks in and seated by a host
empty and then you know they party
remember you guessed it Harvey this
reporters and this one give you less oh
she is totally forgot about orders
believe it they're using the constant
force and so do these actions will one
that will serve correspond to what the
actual options are and the classes we
also hope you realize that you might
have just completely forgot about
certain topics you might have gotten it
need a host so do anybody with this
auction the action and it kind of go
back to the area through all the way of
these things
different age groups are sometimes
they'll be an algorithm you're going to
go things to actions to realize that
there's some how good that comes up that
you need that really fun knowledge
changes be some of the data structures
you can either that's fine you're
sniffing pairs your classes any
questions yeah design pack so how cool
is it mentions on pads the short answer
is not very again personally I'd say
please other notes as they actually the
vast majority yes Jesus contact us and
interviewers happening we entrust your
link testing what your colleges sign
habits aren't super fort and again your
interview possibilities either that said
if you're if you can be sloppy odor
which a lot of students are because CS
programs are judging me from how could
not find the thing is I happens what can
be useful and just getting you to start
thinking about design pacific sign
happens aren't very important beyond
floyd singleton and like that are like
what you call was a lovable no i'll give
this stuff like the inner ears won't go
away okay so for some design of things
like these are come up at envisioning
Ichiro thumb web based companies or
babay steams so Universal airsoft being
things might come up these are questions
that are like can design a web crawler
design a system where to do blah blah
blah I'll room of life billions of
fights so first of all Kevin and
pendulum acuity ask questions and the
Nets just figure out how to solving the
problem assuming they weren't you know
notice a fire it's just get a basic out
and about then to extend out to the real
problem you're going to have any extra
salt
now we mail so how r you know what
problems happen when you extend millions
of miles when you have to break up
across computers cut and then it's all
problems so first of all so go to this
isn't quite ecstatic this is the bigger
glass ball so you have millions of
documents first of all what's a one that
has a bigger co2 you're basically
designing a circuit or any file system a
surrender go surfing so first wholeness
bigness here is is this are you looking
disorder back in other words are you
looking for the exact strength that you
search for or just anything that houses
these kingdoms so one of those questions
then you solve the problem for you know
just a simple example is let's suppose
you use all of you have you sold well
you know you probably design probably
how have you you crawl through the
documents you probably have some hash
table that tells you you know dialog
appears on your documents you want to
bottom inside and anyone know everything
contains dog in cats and words then you
basically just you know fully have a
look looking the final I all ids there's
contained all house ideas for a while
with a job I lady's cat they can do me
in our session of those cells that's
amazing out so crawl it create a hash
table we're each one match to the
occurrences and then intersect me I said
to blow now we need I suppose we have
millions of items let's suppose the fact
that our files are are abused so many
miles and so many words and none are
a television so when you actually want
to do here is you want to you can do
some basic if you remember bits and
bytes happening you know how big is a
actual work a word in English working at
San Cleveland and after seven weather
was nice to be having the bottom inside
of this has been how much patience the
hash table you go this approach and you
freaked out candor how she actually put
on one machine assume you can fit five
get it somewhat machine so let's suppose
though we actually have so many files
for substrate closet our hash table can
convince a machine so what problems have
well perhaps you look at an old machine
we need to find her magic across
machines well so if we do that how how
do we do that we fight about where you
know the hash tables for files 1 200 or
old machine on machine one passionate or
101 through dawkins 11 food what what I
mean I 200 or I'll shoot you or invited
up such that has the machine wanted
since hash table for all that is over
sir a so here's a bigger companies are
nasty so basic structure has done a hash
table how to divide big things up and
then the sex all in all these problems
so I can kind of go through the trade
also ties with the hash table then have
to think about things like what happens
when you insert me finally this is an
asset front but you are beset this
listen files dead or might be at
millions and if your says you are banana
documents well how do we divide our hash
or how do we balance documents how do we
what happens we will miss you
so you want to go through and figure out
literally solve these problems and I
didn't want you know people often really
stress out about my estimation questions
without a crush on before you fly and
stuff but a lot of these are actually a
lot easier than the coding knowledge
questions because this is just like not
what you have to call this one amazing
basic structured homes kind of actually
some of the easier problems so you
really you should we should so that's a
good overview of different problems that
have a good time so wonder what kind of
look at this and our life the public
should go get happy guys including calls
and things and then start thinking like
oh my god possibly get everything I'm
stringing it but the important thing is
here that understand how would you
evaluate carrots so your whole new
beginning then we value camp canceled
intelligence encoding that's all true
but there's another level to it which is
that we will get hands on a relative
basis so you coming you interviewed me
I'm not looking at old sheet you know
Susie made 50 mistakes on this problem
balmain tens day oh that's a rough like
I don't have to part the problem is i'm
looking at how well that you solve this
based on and i look at how well you saw
the based on how well i see other cats
I'm gonna judge your performance on
especially relative basis kind of almost
like you know if it as a curly test and
so we're getting a getting a third
problem and you're a person getting an
easier problem doesn't really pack
doesn't make it any easier to get an
offer if you get any piece of questions
versus hard questions just remember that
if not on how quickly so
I mistake she made is that how can we
solve property how many mistakes you
made relative to other kids that
interviewer has asked the same question
so remember that strictly yeah it's
before because incisions made it right
after your interview basically and so
it's not like I'm like oh you're at the
top five other cabins and I'm you're
going to take the top represent it's
more like you have been interview with
me and I'm like I'm trying to save
yourself the problem quickly if you seem
smart but then I only way of judging you
seem to solve the problem is like a very
big quality of judgment of how hard I
think the question is and the only way I
know how far the question is is how the
excess glitter cannons go so you're not
going to be at your interview on campus
I thought if you how many times you look
at in-person interviews on your college
campus it's not like they're gonna take
the top three tennis they're gonna take
everything seems good and you know
sometimes you do get straight to atoms
for peace I interviewed I did a set of
interviews in Moscow and for some reason
like the you know if you can't overall
or average 50 percentile again it's in
Moscow role at edith life is so he's in
cans were just a lot that it is it with
more screening I don't that but you know
and a lot more of those cannons got
office so it's not like I have to talk
how will percent up the costs are people
they just they're obviously better and
supply more than times yes it is it is
can't speak for to do look over and over
again
orange they say sir common they happen
you will make mistakes if you think you
didn't make mistakes in their code it's
like a somewhat challenging problem you
did did I family yet but you remember
sources interviews are supposed to be
home this supposed to be pushing
otherwise we can't figure out how smart
you we don't push you a little bit so a
couple things like um first of all if
you're a lot of people have this bizarre
impression that interview like reduce
just don't respond if you don't ever
offer that's not true we heard sometimes
don't funny he knows because it busy how
I feel audible everyone yet but not many
response doesn't mean anything if your
friend use the next day you don't care
for two weeks that doesn't make it any
less likely to get off in fact you may
not have heard back because they won't
use a hard process while your friend
just got rejected any number to the
reasons that the way it can happen
there's really no correlation preferred
delay and filled with debts um nesting
in Iquitos doesn't for big companies
don't really matter honestly I got like
one thing you know we haven't looked
under 50 interviews and you got it like
the next day and my my feedback has
always been it anyway so don't like that
there any people smithy then he goes
nothing that the faculty to do is always
nice to be nice and quick people but
really matter not a thing kind of making
up somebody good person is your current
person Eric Mantha electronically
because paper mail case too that's in a
few interviews smaller companies first
I'll announce it or can't help it you
know sometimes I hurt you next thing is
just just important to say you really
really
really don't know how well you don't
know I've talked to you a ton of
cabinets like I had referred to tell
friends to google and I see like how
well they perform an interview but it
passed him a little bit be fitted and
there was zero correlation I might ask
me thinner metering google he thought he
liked completely bones what a curvy like
keeping state so unlike he was like by
far the best candidate interview
respects and even this guy honey boo
Tebow animality said you know talks a
lot about interview state colleges
because I things are relative because we
chose based on potentially a little
people do all the pollen you don't
really know you don't know how well will
be with you in so you can't judge you're
gonna be judging with your baby when
you're thinking about good engine going
on you're probably thinking your hat
about having the stage to make our
alternator get the problem but unless
you know how many mistakes other people
making doesn't anything that we go the
other way people judge their performance
is as interim performances based on your
interview reaction unlike interview some
interview or a nice some interviewers
are being thought of it interviewers
think they're being really nice if
they're actually coming that's their
personality it's not like I'm not any
nicer to somebody because they do what
catch I might be nicer to somebody fit
you poorly because you know sometimes
you like technical interview let this
cabinet has no shot you're just like my
little just get them talking and seeing
through to the end because then I'm
operating there were mean I don't even
think that big nice means it got
rejected there's just really no
correlation
promise you you're going to be to think
there's any way they're remodeling it
was a hundred i got you i applied with
google for the internship I got rejected
and then God God profit next to that
they actually like expedited process
because it did vote which was time even
though I got rejected a ton of people we
do this who got rejected from coming
together together again off in the next
year mostly we have a process is like
waiting like six months to a year but
you know get a reduction is fine think
of the process fandom they know a lot of
smart people fail they know they have
the bar that's very high and also
arbitrary so we kept injected they'll
probably think of me you reasonably well
only let the top plate probably five
percent candidates on average five
between 7m company on the site of all my
rational campus get off as they know
that a lot of people may be a great
cabin and not go get so so just try
again with you finally get into the back
a google impose available apparently
funny interview is so the butyric down
is to the software certainly softer
texture interviewing pursue resume sort
of more comprehensive guys know they
want to add but if you haven't done it
it arguing the call it'll be before have
an attack my interview through career
high caliber you want for a budget of
your videos that are really good if you
just kind of don't know what to expect
their description everyone's literally
like I pulled out what are you guys I
turned on a video camera if somebody's
new ready to do this I ask you a
question truly completely big dancer the
kind of everybody I the assets
invariably strength portrayal in our
NATO the bachelors and talk yeah and
that happy to take questions I think
they may be had
presentation versus as a new grad or
yeah so there's personal just remember
difficulty aquestion has nothing to pull
together so persons make sure that's
clear there are some reality isn't the
sections with know what happens in a
career where your carrier's come from
carolinas.take what are you guys I tell
you dr. these things like domestic an
affair Mary and that's where they're
from but ask other parents are
complemented kids don't ask them well we
got another gender but there have some
stuff like that to get the company suit
and then I throw into your people that
is interview training at a big company
I'm really good oh there's no like
process will be polite terms are sold at
a success or not ask this they kind of
converge on things but there's really no
structure Samantha happening is most
interviewers have a list of like I love
five questions than a one-point time I
kind of rotate through almost ever in
our viewer has sustained questions
because whether in turn your new grad
your partnership spirits all basically
think questions i'm using this right if
you look at the questions i don't care
if you can take my favorite question we
can go over to
selective and open binary search tree
you partner you of someone who has a
kindred year understanding computer
signs of 7 20 years experience it is
incredibly to be able to who has an
advantage that the junior had left
experience but they also taken
algorithms class medical reason the
guide of 20 years experience probably
have hasn't actually implanted binary
search tree in 20 years so there's when
you just in a purchase for the same like
set of questions everybody come down
your own behalf Destin watched everybody
standards spark or / higher or lower
cooling as in your interviewers feeling
x equals an advantage first thing I
think new
how many of these are the questions like
her interview might expect the dependent
interview I turned on both the
difficulty performance so to give an
idea the advancing across my house
that's if you don't solve it interviewed
all the truth it's it's reasonably
straight for a problem if you know
Solomon I was Asian to the hotel so if
you ask that you follow me ask another
question may be similar or slightly
higher difficulties these
American for binary search tree on a
good candidate on a fantastic candidate
I can't get through that interview with
like 10 minutes to spare I'm good can
the kinds of are they get through all of
us all the code elz have the code
basically falls by the interview better
than 1 45 minute hours are you the
number of questions like where they
wouldn't do things a while to actually
write their own stuff
oh so saying parents know so they had no
problem so there's questions that are
somewhat sometimes sounds like fuel or
questions and these are questions where
the worst in tandem happens interviewer
is you ask the candidate question of
like the way our the baby so like they
random dude thus I think I've ever quite
extreme is just it's a lot harder those
are 20 on the cabinets were interviewed
finished even with a lot of help you
just be like being full interview and
sometimes you get you might have to cry
canada party plus at the reactor don't
think as the gay like benchmark like you
know wimpy ass is crushing force it'll
suck on this leg you know solaire across
as a no simply like good can shield salt
in like 15 Pacific is there any
difference no I guess just like the sad
reality is I can help your resume and
I'm reading it like I'm a second chance
my interviewers to do and sort video and
they needed like why interview with age
with the exception of some questions
might be slightly whatever something
else applause people or you know maybe
someone java it's really same same
questions across if you experience
background on cameras off and that's the
only difference is on a film screening a
lot of fun sweets are now done with like
a google google docs a horrible
technology reviews but the users were
lecture
thing ethercat is a common one and so
what owns continue a little less likely
to ask you a question that's there some
questions ever like a flower that I'll
go to include some that are light and
easy album entering or 40 problem how
was I pass out on phone screen but other
than that doesn't yeah we zested much
everybody why she had given to like I
system for architecture kind of thing as
I be honest scalability the particular
system architecture who might be less
not the assets who wouldn't even have it
or what
your manager district yeah almost
everybody I talked to says one gauge it
if you're concerned really and you don't
believe me uh submit a one-page resume
and i'm in debt projects not going to
recommend you can get and what if you
really don't believe me do that it's a
good different that you are it's us as I
don't have us deal with you guys it's
very important yeah what what mater's
unless you want more than you have about
ten plus years of experience that it's
tomatoes with our kind of okay if you
are like a peach de or we have a lot of
publications and interpretations of it
because you want to put if you want to
include oil publications as your
publications that the shorter two pages
is let big deal just because I don't
really care about your creations anyway
personally I don't so I'm just not gonna
read your publications list let the
means no tengo page is I think what's
you have two regions because it takes
you like your 15 seconds takes your best
comment who needs it was all safe less
effective stuff if the second page of
publication but not going to decide my
sister was a wee bit of time okay bridge
by the way with publications people a
lot of publications or a lot of projects
one approach is to list like selected
publications so this like the top three
and then give like respond top three
projects something and have like no
additional additional formation see in
heaven 10 sir okay everybody here should
have a web site okay suppose you guys
don't but have a website have a
portfolio on there gives fritos of your
projects recruiter is actually google
resumes online constantly like I get
recruitment email
you're so weak and I'm very obviously
not available for soccer interior doors
I still get like one or two will be
looking to hire business offers near our
web page resume up online in HTML format
as schools accountable for any good
projects on their environments and then
again maybe wasn't brothers um so
everybody in the different definition of
range users so most companies for
software engineers moves the big
companies band franchises they used to
not so the questions that are like how
to move Mount Fuji why manhole covers
round it was our band holes here because
it was it just too good for sovereignty
years ranging so typically band in part
because radiuses can measure
intelligence but something out of the
problem and my wife is asking about a
problem that said at to Google
sovereignty or serve and but there's a
common question look that's called the
eggdrop problem so you visit you have
like super sturdy eggs johanna story
building you're dropping eggs off being
from each floor of the building you want
amazing to figure out what is good
breaking point so like there's some more
like 415 you wear and John if you can
both the break go 15 ago you've two eggs
how do you figure out what that breaking
point is and the fewest cups so that's a
question which I think the right person
and I try an applause break because is
it has intelligence books about was
rushing scores that's a desk and asked
if you roll because 93 Phills
ranges so yeah they're bantha things so
can ask you that we has been generally
I also go out after the talk to any
questions so first before we do the
raffle why don't we thank you thank you
for coming these are amazing though if
you don't want to wrap all there's no
way hey we take our cars back Nick any
me know ashkar visa and XL fine well
we're here typical rule which baffles
you have to be here
beyond all x i am now I've got the
google residence Nikolai strictest
service
alright